# Property Details

This document outlines the details for a new feature of an Account property. Customers will now receive automatic value updates on their properties, and we aim to enhance their experience by summarizing their changes. Please read this entire document before starting.

This prototype is built using NextJS and makes use of styled components

## Getting Started

Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3333](http://localhost:3333) with your browser to see the result.

## Project Scripts

This project includes the following scripts that can be run using `npm run <script name>`:

### build

`npm run build` will build your Next.js application for production. This script compiles your application and creates an optimized build that can be deployed to a web server. The resulting build will be placed in the `.next` directory.

### start

`npm run start` will start your Next.js application in production mode. This script serves the build generated by the `npm run build` command, and it starts the server on port 3333 by default. When you run this script, your application will be available at [http://localhost:3333](http://localhost:3333).

### test

The `test` command is used to run the Jest test runner on your project. This command is configured in the `package.json` file.

- `--watch`: This flag tells Jest to watch for file changes and re-run the tests when changes occur.

## Future Improvements

Here are some suggestions for future improvements to this prototype:

- Set up linters and pre-commit hooks

## Improvements made and suggestions in design

# accessibility

- Added ARIA attributes to provide additional information to assistive technologies
- implemented metadata tags for enhanced web accessibility and discoverability
- Ensure that the document's title contains short, descriptive text summarizing the page's contents.(adding title to Head in \_document.js)
- Added more contrast in color text and the button. This make the content easier to read for users with low vision or color blindness.
- Added lang atributte helps to inform screen readers and other assistive technologies about the language of the content.
- Added li to AccountListItem instead of a div. By using div elements instead of li elements to create lists, developers risk losing this important semantic information, which can make it more difficult for users with visual impairments or cognitive disabilities to understand the content. Additionally, some assistive technologies may not recognize div elements as list items, which can cause confusion or misinterpretation of the content. Additionally, I added `p` elements to better structure the text content within the components. To ensure that the components are properly recognized by assistive technologies, I also added appropriate ARIA roles to the styled components and included `label` elements to associate form inputs with their labels.

The app currently has an accessibility score of 100% on Lighthouse, thanks to those changes
